What is cardinality between site, store, stocks and warehouse
What is the use of hotfolder?
How to load the custom data at the time system update and system initialization?
- he asked the class name and method name for this
- Continuation to this question
What is the difference between essential data and project data ?
How to load new attribute on the PDP page?
- complete steps
In depth questions on the project
- concentrated on the integrations
Impex query example on the dynamic attribute (he has given use case)
Integration : we have integrated with the TripAdvisor.
He has asked the complete procedure for integrating with this ( jars, classes and many more)
He has given me around 5 use cases and expected different procedures

Pragathi:
First the questions will be based on your previous project experience and about responsibilities.
Second about the cardinality among store site warehouse and stock.
Backoffice customisation, Iteration and adding the values in map and list. (Writing the code snippet in chat box.)
How to populate the new attribute on registeration page ? (Writing the complete process in code snippet form in chat box) 

Chinnababu:
1.Write a Flexible Search Query?
2.difference between Product attributes and Classification attribbutes?
3.write impex ?
4.difference between b2b and b2c?
5.cardinality b/w CAtegory and Category?
6.cardinality b/w BaseStore and BaseSite?
7.explain DAtahub integration ?
8.what are interceptors ?
9.which one invoke first from Preare interceptor and validate interceptor?
10.How to add new attribute to plp page using solr?
11.Solr Indexing?
12.which data come first b/w product and Classification attribbutes?
13.how to create new Cronjob & abandoned cron job ?
14.Defining catalog aware item types?

Java:
-----
1. what is functional interface ? use of functional interface?
2. By using streams how to iterate and fetch perticular value from the list?

Spring:
------
1. Dependency Injection ?
2. how many scopes are availale and explain them? 

What is cardinality between site, store, stocks and warehouse

What is the use of hotfolder?
How to load the custom data at the time system update and system initialization?

- he asked the class name and method name for this

- Continuation to this question

What is the difference between essential data and project data ?

How to load new attribute on the PDP page?

- complete steps 

In depth questions on the project

- concentrated on the integrations

Impex query example on the dynamic attribute (he has given use case)

Integration : we have integrated with the TripAdvisor.

He has asked the complete procedure for integrating with this ( jars, classes and many more)

He has given me around 5 use cases and expected different procedures

1. Flexible Queries:

1. Select the count of products from Categories with category Code CONSOLE.
2. Dispaly category Name from products with Categories
3. Show Category name and all the count of products for all the Categories.

2. Write Impex for adding category NewGame under Parent Category GAMES.

3. What is product Classification? How do we classify between the products and when do we use?

4. How do we delete all Orders from data modelling ? {Cascade Delete)

5. How many types of Events are there? Whar are Events and Event Listeners? How do we classify and what are the methods we implement?

6. What are Asynchronous Events? How do we define?

7. What is Cron Job ? How do we define new Cron Job? what is process for customizing new cronjob?

8. How do we write clusture Cron Jobs?

9. What is Business Process? How do we write new Business Processes? what are the implementation classes to write Action classes?
What is return Object For the Action Class?

10. What is mechanism involved in OCC? What is the total process/flow if we want to customize whole process? How do we convert Data Object into dto?
Why do we WsDto as response instead of data Object?

11. Java Questions on java 8 features? When do we write lambda expressions?

12. Write code for Following:

1. How to iterate from maps for getting map keys and Values.
2. How do we get only Particular Key value from Iteration?
3. How do we add Key Value into ArrayList and Return?
4. How do Print middle two values from Array Of integers like [2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0,1] if arrayLenth is greater than 2.

Extra Behavioural and Manageral Questions at the end.

How to show one new attribute on PLP and PDP?
How to add one custom attribute in product and what all the steps required to store the same in DB and show in storefront?
How to show facets and how it is different from solr indexed results?
How to show search results based on custom attribute on top of the page?
Asked about integrations which I worked on?
Java code for iterating string Array?
Java code to find character 'A' in a given string number of times?
Java code to sum the list of given integer values?
Difference between List and Map, how to iterate a map?
How to do build and deployment on CCV2?

Flexible search query.
Impex use and available modes in impex?
How to delete all the records in a table using impex?
Solr indexing.
Hot folder concept.
class name which will insert the data into Hybris after impex import from HAC.
Order process.xml explanation.
OMS implementation done on previous project.
Difference between creating the object using new keyword and modelservice.create method.
Site, store differences
Cart implementation done on previous project.
How to show product and variant products in storefront using solr?
How to use two different product catalogs in one store?
How to add new steps in process.xml?
How to show order success message/page to the customer instead of waiting for order creation in the backend?

1) How to get Oauth access Token(customer specific)

2) Flexible Search Query ( get only Parent Objects objects Ex: Fetech only UserModel objects not Customer Objects )

3) How to get Particular Exception log in CCV2 Kibana Portal

4) Implementation of Cronjobs ( normal and cloud cronjobs)'

5) Items.xml Structure and write Map type attribute declaration in Chat

6) Why Dynamic Attributes and how to implement?

7) What is configurable populator and how to implement?

8) How to convert Data object to WSDTO object?

9) How to Override OOTB OCC API ?

10) How to create custom Promotions?

11) Cartdinality B/W B2BUnit and B2BCustomer and B2BUsergroup and differences b/w b2BUnit and B2BUsergroup and UserGroup?

12) What is the difference b/w List and set and ArrayList vs Vector and Hasmap vs LinkedHashmap?

13) Stream API related quetions ( Write a code to filter a List based on condition)

14) What is Lamda Expression and Functional Interface?